Wait a minute.
Low
What do you call him big brother
He is my eldest brother Sun Xiaolong
My martial arts are all handed down by my eldest brother
Without my brother, there would be no Armored Dragon King
There is no classic of my Sun Xiaolong
Do you still remember what I taught you about martial arts?
Of course, the great kindness of the big brother and the little brother will never forget
How dare you kidnap my wife and daughter?
I do this
Brother, you will come
I said I don't care about the leadership position
But I don't care if I beat you
Who will recognize me as the leader of the alliance?
I can only be a dragon king for the rest of my life
And what I want to do is the Supreme Dragon King
So?
Collusion with the temples
Kidnapping is real
You also planned it
That's right bro
I know you too well.
Your main concern is your family
When you find the truth
I might be in danger because of you
You will definitely quit the world
You see everything is in my plan
They
What are they saying?
The Dragon King called him Big Brother.
Wang Xiaohu also
Also call him big brother
That's impossible.
Absolutely not.
He is my eldest brother Sun Xiaolong
He is also the eldest brother of Wang Xiaohu Qian Xiaobao
He taught us the martial arts of the three kings and queens
Back then, he was the underground black emperor of Megatron World